FE Test Library Timeout (#411)
ui5-community/wdi5: docs/configuration.md

Number in milliseconds (default: `15000`) to wait for UI5-related operations within a UI5 app. This is the equivalent to OPA5's [`waitFor()` option `timeout`](https://ui5.sap.com/sdk/#/api/sap.ui.test.Opa5/methods/waitFor).

> ?> When setting this timeout to 30 seconds or higher requires increasing the [session script timeout](https://webdriver.io/docs/timeouts/#session-script-timeout) as well.

Reviewer: is „When“ here superfluous?

Author: ```suggestion
?> Setting this timeout to 30 seconds or higher requires the [session script timeout](https://webdriver.io/docs/timeouts/#session-script-timeout) to be increased as well.
```
